A
Aardonyx - An early stage in the evolution of sauropods.

Abelisaurus - "Abel's lizard" has been reconstructed from a single skull.

Abrictosaurus - An early relative of Heterodontosaurus.

Abrosaurus - A close Asian relative of Camarasaurus.

Abydosaurus - This sauropod's intact skull was discovered in 2010.

Acanthopholis - No, it's not a city in Greece.

Achelousaurus - Might this have been a growth stage of Pachyrhinosaurus?

Achillobator - This fierce raptor was discovered in modern-day Mongolia.

Acristavus - This early hadrosaur lacked any ornamentation on its skull.

Acrocanthosaurus - The largest meat-eating dinosaur of the early Cretaceous period.

Acrotholus - North America's earliest bone-headed dinosaur.

Adamantisaurus - This titanosaur was named 50 years after its discovery.

Adasaurus - This raptor's hind claws were unusually small.

Adeopapposaurus - A close relative of Massospondylus.

Aegyptosaurus - Try and guess which country this dinosaur was found in.

Aeolosaurus - Could this titanosaur have reared up on its hind legs?

Aerosteon - This air-boned dinosaur may have breathed like a bird.

Afrovenator - One of the few carnivores ever to be dug up in northern Africa.

Agathaumas - The first ceratopsian dinosaur ever discovered.

Agilisaurus - This "agile lizard" was one of the earliest ornithopods.

Agujaceratops - It was once classified as a species of Chasmosaurus.

Agustinia - A large, spiny-backed sauropod.

Ajkaceratops - The first ceratopsian ever to be discovered in Europe.

Alamosaurus - No, it wasn't named after the Alamo, but it should have been.

Alaskacephale - Can you guess which state this pachycephalosaur was found in?

Albalophosaurus - One of the few dinosaurs ever to be discovered in Japan.

Albertaceratops - The most basal "centrosaurine" yet identified.

Albertadromeus - This petite ornithopod was recently discovered in Canada.

Albertonykus - A tiny, birdlike, North American dinosaur.

Albertosaurus - This carnivorous dinosaur was a close relative of T. Rex.

Alectrosaurus - Few specimens of this "unmarried lizard" have been found.

Aletopelta - The first ankylosaur known to have lived in Mexico.

Alioramus - Everything we know about this tyrannosaur is based on a single skull.

Allosaurus - The apex predator of late Jurassic North America.

Altirhinus - This "high-nosed" plant eater resembled an early hadrosaur.

Alvarezsaurus - A bird-like dinosaur of the late Cretaceous.

Alwalkeria - This Indian dinosaur was one of the earliest saurischians.

Alxasaurus - An early relative of the bizarre Therizinosaurus.

Amargasaurus - A bizarre, spined sauropod from South America.

Amazonsaurus - One of the few dinosaurs to be found in the Amazon basin.

Ammosaurus - This may (or may not) have been the same dinosaur as Anchisaurus.

Ampelosaurus - One of the best-known of the armored titanosaurs.

Amphicoelias - Could it have been the biggest dinosaur that ever lived?

Amurosaurus  - The most complete hadrosaur to be discovered in Russia.

Anabisetia - The best-attested South American ornithopod.

Anatosaurus - This dinosaur is now known as either Anatotitan or Edmontosaurus.

Anatotitan - This hadrosaur's name means "giant duck."

Anchiceratops - This dinosaur had a distinctively shaped frill.

Anchiornis - A four-winged dino-bird that resembled Microraptor.

Anchisaurus - One of the first dinosaurs ever to be dug up in the U.S.

Andesaurus - This titanosaur rivaled Argentinosaurus in size.

Angaturama - A Brazilian relative of Spinosaurus.

Angolatitan - The first dinosaur ever to be discovered in Angola.

Angulomastacator - This dinosaur had a strangely shaped upper jaw.

Animantarx - This "living fortress" was discovered in an unusual way.

Ankylosaurus - This dinosaur was the Cretaceous equivalent of a Sherman tank.

Anodontosaurus - This "toothless lizard" actually had a full set of choppers.

Anserimimus - This "goose mimic" didn’t bear much of a resemblance.

Antarctopelta - The first dinosaur fossil ever discovered in Antarctica.

Antarctosaurus - This titanosaur may or may not have lived in Antarctica.

Antetonitrus - Either a very late prosauropod or a very early sauropod.

Anzu - This Oviraptor relative was recently discovered in North America.

Aorun - A small theropod of late Jurassic Asia.

Apatosaurus - The dinosaur formerly known as Brontosaurus.

Appalachiosaurus - One of the few dinosaurs ever to be found in Alabama.

Aquilops - The earliest ceratopsian ever to be discovered in North America.

Aragosaurus - Named after the Aragon region of Spain.

Aralosaurus - Not much is known about this central Asian duck-billed dinosaur.

Archaeoceratops - Possibly the smallest ceratopsian that ever lived.

Archaeopteryx - This ancient dino-bird was about the size of a modern pigeon.

Archaeornithomimus - A likely ancestor of Ornithomimus.

Arcovenator - This fierce abelisaur was recently discovered in France.

Arcusaurus - This prosauropod was recently discovered in South Africa.

Argentinosaurus - Possibly the largest dinosaur that ever lived.

Argyrosaurus - A plus-sized titanosaur from South America.

Aristosuchus - This "noble crocodile" was actually a dinosaur.

Arrhinoceratops - This ceratopsian was named for its "missing" nose horn.

Astrodon - The official state dinosaur of Maryland.

Asylosaurus - This "unharmed lizard" escaped destruction in World War II.

Atlasaurus - This sauropod had unusually long legs.

Atlascopcosaurus - Named after a manufacturer of digging equipment.

Atrociraptor - This "cruel thief" wasn't as atrocious as its name implies.

Aublysodon - This tyrannosaur was named after a single tooth.

Aucasaurus - This predator was a close relative of Carnotaurus.

Auroraceratops - A close relative of Archaeoceratops.

Australodocus - This sauropod was found in modern-day Tanzania.

Australovenator - A recently discovered carnivore from Australia.

Austroraptor - The largest raptor from South America.

Austrosaurus - This titanosaur was discovered near a train station.

Avaceratops - This ceratopsian is represented by a single juvenile.

Aviatyrannis - This "grandmother tyrant" was one of the first tyrannosaurs.

Avimimus - A particularly bird-like cousin of Oviraptor.

B
Bactrosaurus - One of the earliest of the duck-billed dinosaurs.

Bagaceratops - A small ceratopsian from central Asia.

Bagaraatan - No one is quite sure how to classify this theropod.

Bahariasaurus - This obscure carnivore may have been the size of T. Rex.

Balaur - This "stocky dragon" was recently discovered in Romania.

Bambiraptor - Yes, this tiny raptor was named after you-know-who.

Barapasaurus - Probably the first of the giant sauropods.

Barilium - Yet another iguanodontid ornithopod of the British Isles.

Barosaurus - An enormous plant-eater with a tiny head.

Barsboldia - This hadrosaur was named after Rinchen Barsbold.

Baryonyx - You wouldn't want to clip this dinosaur's claws.

Batyrosaurus - One of the most basal hadrosaurs yet identified.

Becklespinax - A strangely named theropod of the early Cretaceous period.

Beipiaosaurus - The only known feathered therizinosaur.

Beishanlong - This bird mimic weighed over half a ton.

Bellusaurus - A herd of this sauropod drowned in a flash flood.

Berberosaurus - This "Berber lizard" has proven difficult to classify.

Bicentenaria - This dinosaur was named for Argentina's 200th anniversary.

Bistahieversor - This tyrannosaur had more teeth than T. Rex.

Bonapartenykus - This feathered dinosaur was found in close proximity to its eggs.

Bonitasaura - This titanosaur wasn't as beautiful as its name implies.

Borogovia - This theropod was named after a Lewis Carroll poem.

Bothriospondylus - A case study in dinosaur confusion.

Brachiosaurus - This dinosaur was a giant, gentle, long-necked plant-eater.

Brachyceratops - A little-known ceratopsian from North America.

Brachylophosaurus - This duck-billed dinosaur's beak looked more like a parrot's.

Brachytrachelopan - This sauropod had an unusually short neck.

Bravoceratops - This ceratopsian was recently discovered in Texas.

Brontomerus - Its name is Greek for "thunder thighs."

Bruhathkayosaurus - Was this titanosaur bigger than Argentinosaurus?

Buitreraptor - The oldest raptor ever discovered in South America.

Byronosaurus - This theropod was a close relative of Troodon.

C
Camarasaurus - The most common sauropod of Jurassic North America.

Camarillasaurus - A ceratosaur of early Cretaceous western Europe.

Camelotia - An early member of the line that evolved into sauropods.

Camptosaurus - A close relative of Iguanodon.

Carcharodontosaurus - Its name means "great white shark lizard." Impressed yet?

Carnotaurus - The shortest arms of any meat-eating dinosaur with horns to match.

Caudipteryx - A birdlike dinosaur that changed the views of paleontologists.

Centrosaurus - Like a unicorn, this ceratopsian only had one horn.

Cerasinops - A small ceratopsian of the late Cretaceous.

Ceratonykus - This dino-bird was discovered in Mongolia in 2009.

Ceratosaurus - This primitive carnivore is hard to classify.

Cetiosauriscus - Not to be confused with the more famous Cetiosaurus.

Cetiosaurus - This "whale lizard" was once mistaken for the Loch Ness Monster.

Changyuraptor - Was this feathered dinosaur capable of flight?

Chaoyangsaurus - An early ceratopsian of the late Jurassic period.

Charonosaurus - This duck-billed dinosaur was much bigger than an elephant.

Chasmosaurus - The only dinosaur that came with its own awning.

Chialingosaurus - One of the earliest Asian stegosaurs.

Chilantaisaurus - This large theropod may have been ancestral to Spinosaurus.

Chilesaurus - This plant-eating theropod was recently discovered in Chile.

Chindesaurus - This early dinosaur was a close relative of Herrerasaurus.

Chirostenotes - This birdlike dinosaur has been known by three different names.

Chubutisaurus - This titanosaur was on Tyrannotitan's lunch menu.

Chungkingosaurus - This early stegosaur had some primitive characteristics.

Citipati - This Mongolian theropod was a close relative of Oviraptor.

Claosaurus - This "broken lizard" was a primitive hadrosaur.

Coahuilaceratops - It had the longest horns of any known ceratopsian dinosaur.

Coelophysis - One of the most ancient dinosaurs ever to roam the earth.

Coelurus - This tiny dinosaur was a close relative of Compsognathus.

Colepiocephale - This thick-skulled dinosaur's name is Greek for "knucklehead."

Compsognathus - This dinosaur was the size of a chicken, but much meaner.

Concavenator - This large theropod had a bizarre hump on its back.

Conchoraptor - This "conch thief" may have lunched on mollusks.

Condorraptor - A small theropod of middle Jurassic South America.

Coronosaurus - This "crown lizard" was once classified as a species of Centrosaurus.

Corythosaurus - This "Corinthian-helmeted" dino had a distinctive mating call.

Crichtonsaurus - This dinosaur was named after the author of Jurassic Park.

Cruxicheiros - This "cross-handed" dinosaur was named in 2010.

Cryolophosaurus -This crested dinosaur was once known as "Elvisaurus."

Cryptovolans - Was this the same dinosaur as Microraptor?

Cumnoria - It was once mistakenly classified as a species of Iguanodon. 

D
Dacentrurus - The first stegosaur ever to be described.

Daemonosauru 0s This "evil lizard" was a close relative of Coelophysis.

Dahalokely - A rare theropod from the island of Madagascar.

Dakotaraptor - This giant raptor was recently discovered in South Dakota.

Daspletosaurus - This "frightful lizard" was a close cousin of T. Rex.

Datousaurus - A medium-sized sauropod from middle Jurassic Asia.

Darwinsaurus - "Darwin's lizard" may or may not be a valid dinosaur genus.

Deinocheirus - All we know for sure about this dinosaur is the shape of its arms.

Deinodon - This "terrible tooth" is important from a historical perspective.

Deinonychus - One of the most fearsome raptors of the Cretaceous period.

Delapparentia - This ornithopod was initially classified as a species of Iguanodon.

Deltadromeus - An unusually speedy theropod of the middle Cretaceous.

Demandasaurus - A poorly understood sauropod of early Cretaceous Europe.

Diabloceratops - It looked like a cross between a Triceratops and a Centrosaurus.

Diamantinasaurus - This titanosaur was recently discovered in Australia.

Diceratops - Was this two-horned dinosaur really a specimen of Triceratops?

Dicraeosaurus - A medium-sized, spiny-necked sauropod.

Dilong - This "emperor dragon" may have been an ancestor of T. Rex.

Dilophosaurus - This dinosaur was distinguished by the bony crests on its noggin.

Dimetrodon - This ancient synapsid had a huge sail on its back.

Diplodocus - "Thin at one end, much thicker in the middle, and thin again at the far end."

Dollodon - Named after the Belgian paleontologist Louis Dollo.

Draconyx - This "dragon claw" lived in late Jurassic Portugal.

Dracopelta - This early ankylosaur was discovered in Portugal.

Dracorex - The only dinosaur to be named after the "Harry Potter" books.

Dracovenator - This "dragon hunter" was a close relative of Dilophosaurus.

Dravidosaurus - This "dinosaur" may actually have been a marine reptile.

Dreadnoughtus - This huge titanosaur was recently discovered in Argentina.

Drinker - Named after the famous paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope.

Dromaeosauroides - The only dinosaur ever to be discovered in Denmark.

Dromaeosaurus - This "running lizard" was probably covered with feathers.

Dromiceiomimus - Possibly the fastest dinosaur that ever lived.

Dryosaurus - A typical ornithopod of the late Jurassic.

Dryptosaurus - The first tyrannosaur to be discovered in the U.S.

Dubreuillosaurus - This megalosaur had a long, low snout.

Duriavenator - Yet another theropod that was once assigned to Megalosaurus.

Dyoplosaurus - This ankylosaur was once confused with Euoplocephalus.

Dysalotosaurus - We know a lot about this dinosaur's growth stages.

Dyslocosaurus - Its name means "hard-to-place lizard."

Dystrophaeus - This Diplodocus-like sauropod was named by Edward Cope.

E to H Dinosaurs
You will find many "firsts" in this collection of dinosaurs. The Eocursur was one of the earliest "true" dinosaurs in the world while the Hyleosaurus was among the first to be classified as a dinosaur. Also, it's thought that the Guanlong may have been the first among the tyrannosaurs.

There are other fun discoveries such as the giants like the Giganotosaurus and the Huaghetitan. Then there is the Gojirasaurus who was appropriately named after Godzilla. Plus, we can't forget about the Epidendrosaurus who may have been a tree dweller or the Gilmoreosaurus, one of the few dinosaurs known to have cancer.

E
Echinodon - One of the few ornithopods to sport a set of canines.

Edmarka - This may have been a species of Torvosaurus.

Edmontonia - This armored dinosaur never actually lived in Edmonton.

Edmontosaurus - This large, duck-billed herbivore was a contemporary of T. Rex.

Efraasia - This Triassic herbivore may have been ancestral to sauropods.

Einiosaurus - This ceratopsian was a close relative of Centrosaurus.

Ekrixinatosaurus - Its name means "explosion-born lizard."

Elaphrosaurus - A lightweight theropod from the late Jurassic.

Elmisaurus - This "foot lizard" was a close relative of Oviraptor.

Elopteryx - This Transylvanian dinosaur is almost as controversial as Dracula.

Elrhazosaurus - Once classified as a species of Valdosaurus.

Enigmosaurus - This "puzzle lizard" was closely related to Therizinosaurus.

Eoabelisaurus - The earliest abelisaurid theropod yet identified.

Eobrontosaurus - This "dawn brontosaurus" isn't accepted by most experts.

Eocarcharia - This "dawn shark" prowled the woodlands of northern Africa.

Eocursor - This late Triassic reptile was one of the earliest true dinosaurs.

Eodromaeus - Yet another ancient theropod from South America.

Eolambia - An early hadrosaur from North America.

Eoraptor - This tiny dinosaur was among the first of its kind.

Eosinopteryx - A tiny feathered dinosaur of the late Jurassic period.

Eotriceratops - This "dawn Triceratops" was recently discovered in Canada.

Eotyrannus - This early tyrannosaur looked more like a raptor.

Epachthosaurus - This "heavy lizard" was relatively primitive for its time and place.

Epidendrosaurus - Did this tiny dino-bird spend its life up a tree?

Epidexipteryx - This feathered dinosaur predated Archaeopteryx.

Equijubus - Its name is Greek for "horse mane."

Erectopus - This "upright-footed" dinosaur is a 19th-century enigma.

Erketu - This titanosaur had an unusually long neck.

Erliansaurus - A basal therizinosaur from central Asia.

Erlikosaurus - This late therizinosaur roamed the Mongolian forests.

Euhelopus - The first sauropod to be discovered in China.

Euoplocephalus - Even this ankylosaur's eyelids were armored.

Europasaurus - The smallest sauropod ever discovered.

Europelta - This early nodosaur was recently discovered in Spain.

Euskelosaurus - The first dinosaur ever to be discovered in Africa.

Eustreptospondylus - A close cousin of Megalosaurus.

F
Fabrosaurus - This early ornithopod may have been a species of Lesothosaurus.

Falcarius - A bizarre, feathered theropod from North America.

Ferganasaurus - The first dinosaur ever to be discovered in the USSR.

Fruitadens - One of the tiniest dinosaurs ever to live in North America.

Fukuiraptor - One of the few carnivorous dinosaurs ever to be dug up in Japan.

Fukuisaurus - This ornithopod was discovered in Japan.

Fulgurotherium - Very little is known about this "lightning beast."

Futalognkosaurus - A very big, and very strangely named sauropod.

G
Gallimimus - This "chicken mimic" roamed the plains of the late Cretaceous.

Gargoyleosaurus - This "gargoyle lizard" was an ancestor of Ankylosaurus.

Garudimimus - A relative slowpoke compared to other ornithomimids.

Gasosaurus - Yes, that's its real name, and no, it isn't for the reason you think.

Gasparinisaura - One of the few ornithopods known to have lived in South America.

Gastonia - This ankylosaur was probably on Utahraptor's lunch menu.

Genyodectes - This dinosaur is represented by an impressive set of teeth.

Gideonmantellia - Guess what naturalist this dinosaur was named after.

Giganotosaurus - Not quite a "Gigantosaurus," but close enough.

Gigantoraptor - This huge oviraptorosaur weighed over two tons.

Gigantspinosaurus - It may or may not have been a true stegosaur.

Gilmoreosaurus - One of the few dinosaurs known to have suffered from cancer.

Giraffatitan - Might this "giant giraffe" have been a species of Brachiosaurus?

Glacialisaurus - This "frozen lizard" was a close relative of Lufengosaurus.

Gobiceratops - This ceratopsian's tiny skull was found in the Gobi Desert.

Gobisaurus - An unusually large ankylosaur of central Asia.

Gobivenator - This feathered dinosaur gave Velociraptor a run for its money.

Gojirasaurus - This early predator was named after Godzilla.

Gondwanatitan - Yet another titanosaur from South America.

Gorgosaurus - Might this tyrannosaur have been a species of Albertosaurus?

Goyocephale - A primitive bonehead from Asia.

Graciliraptor - This tiny dino-bird was a close relative of Microraptor.

Gryphoceratops - A tiny ceratopsian of Cretaceous North America.

Gryponyx - This "hooked claw" was a distant sauropod ancestor.

Gryposaurus - One of the most common of the duck-billed dinosaurs.

Guaibasaurus - Was this early dinosaur a theropod or a prosauropod?

Guanlong - Probably the first tyrannosaur ever to walk the earth.

H
Hadrosaurus - The official state dinosaur of New Jersey.

Hagryphus - The largest North American oviraptor yet discovered.

Halticosaurus - A "nomen dubium" theropod of the early 20th century.

Haplocanthosaurus - A typical sauropod of the late Jurassic period.

Haplocheirus - This feathered dinosaur predated Archaeopteryx by millions of years.

Harpymimus - Named after the winged creature of Greek myth.

Haya - This dinosaur was named after a horse-headed Mongolian god.

Herrerasaurus - This carnivore roamed present-day South America.

Hesperonychus - A tiny North American dinosaur.

Hesperosaurus - The oldest stegosaur discovered in North America.

Heterodontosaurus - This "different-toothed" dinosaur was a dentist's nightmare.

Hexing - This early ornithomimid was recently discovered in China.

Hexinlusaurus - Named after the Chinese professor He Xin-Lu.

Heyuannia - Yet another close relative of Oviraptor.

Hippodraco - This "horse dragon" was recently discovered in Utah.

Homalocephale - This herbivore had a very flat--and very thick--skull.

Hongshanosaurus - This early ceratopsian is known by two skulls.

Hoplitosaurus - Named after the heavily armored soldiers of classical Greece.

Huabeisaurus - A titanosaur from northern China.

Huanghetitan - Yet another contender for the biggest dinosaur that ever lived.

Huaxiagnathus - One of the biggest dino-birds of its time.

Huaxiaosaurus - Might it be an unusually large specimen of Shantungosaurus?

Huayangosaurus - Could this have been the ancestor of all the stegosaurs?

Huehuecanauhtlus - Its name is Aztec for "ancient duck."

Hungarosaurus - The best-attested ankylosaur ever discovered in Europe.

Huxleysaurus - Named after the famous biologist Thomas Henry Huxley.

Hylaeosaurus - One of the first creatures ever to be called a dinosaur.

Hypacrosaurus - We know a lot about this dinosaur's family life.

Hypselosaurus - This titanosaur's eggs were a foot in diameter.

Hypselospinus - It was once classified as a species of Iguanodon.

Hypsibema - The official state dinosaur of Missouri.

Hypsilophodon - This man-sized herbivore liked to eat and run.

I to L Dinosaurs
Bird-like dinosaurs are scattered throughout this next section. You'll also find a crocodile or two, a sloth-like dinosaur, and one that was rather mammalian. Dinosaurs with distinct features can be found as well. For instance, the Kryptops had a face mask, the Lanzhousaurus had teeth that were half a foot long, and the Limusaurus was completely toothless.

Don't forget to check out some of the more notable dinosaurs, either. You'll come across the Iguanodon, the Isanosaurus, and the Lagosuchus, each of which made a distinct mark in what we know about these creatures.

I
Ichthyovenator - This sail-backed dinosaur was recently discovered in Laos.

Ignavusaurus - Its name means "cowardly lizard."

Iguanacolossus - A brand-new ornithopod from North America.

Iguanodon - The second dinosaur in history ever to receive a name.

Ilokelesia - A primitive abelisaur from South America.

Incisivosaurus - This buck-toothed dinosaur was the Cretaceous equivalent of a beaver.

Indosuchus - This "Indian crocodile" was actually a dinosaur.

Ingenia - A small, birdlike dinosaur from central Asia.

Irritator - This spinosaur was named by a very frustrated paleontologist.

Isanosaurus - One of the first sauropods ever to walk the earth.

Isisaurus - Otherwise known as the Indian Statistical Institute Lizard.

J
Jainosaurus - Named after the Indian paleontologist Sohan Lal Jain.

Janenschia - The earliest titanosaur in the fossil record.

Jaxartosaurus - A poorly known hadrosaur from central Asia.

Jeholosaurus - This ornithopod may have had an omnivorous diet.

Jeyawati - Its name is Zuni for "grinding mouth."

Jianchangosaurus - One of the earliest therizinosaurs in the fossil record.

Jinfengopteryx - This feathered dinosaur was once thought to be a true bird.

Jingshanosaurus - A close relative of Yunnanosaurus.

Jinzhousaurus - This Asian dinosaur was one of the first hadrosaurs.

Jobaria - A strange, short-tailed African sauropod.

Judiceratops - The earliest Chasmosaurus ancestor yet identified.

Juratyrant - This early tyrannosaur was discovered in England.

Juravenator - Why didn't this presumed "dino-bird" have feathers?

K
Kaatedocus - This Diplodocus relative had a characteristic grin.

Kaijiangosaurus - This might have been the same dinosaur as Gasosaurus.

Kazaklambia - This duck-billed dinosaur was discovered in Kazakhstan.

Kentrosaurus - A smaller, African cousin of Stegosaurus.

Kerberosaurus - Named after the three-headed dog of Greek myth.

Khaan - Few small mammals dared face the wrath of this dinosaur.

Kileskus - Yet another "basal" tyrannosaur from central Asia.

Kinnareemimus - This "bird mimic" dinosaur was recently discovered in Thailand.

Kol - It's tied with Mei for "shortest dinosaur name."

Koreaceratops - There's evidence that this ceratopsian liked to go swimming.

Koreanosaurus - Guess what country this ornithopod was discovered in.

Kosmoceratops - This ceratopsian had a bizarre, downward-folding frill.

Kotasaurus - One of the few sauropods to be discovered in India.

Kritosaurus - A famous, but poorly understood hadrosaur.

Kryptops - This dinosaur came equipped with its own face mask.

Kukufeldia Yet another ornithopod that was once lumped in with Iguanodon.

Kulindadromeus - Why did this ornithopod dinosaur have feathers?

Kundurosaurus - This hadrosaur was discovered in the far east of Russia.

L
Labocania - It may or may not have been a true tyrannosaur.

Lagosuchus - Could this have been the ancestor of all the dinosaurs?

Lambeosaurus - This duck-billed dinosaur had a hatchet-shaped crest on its noggin.

Lamplughsaura - This early sauropod was discovered in India.

Lanzhousaurus - This herbivore's teeth were half a foot long.

Laosaurus - This dubious ornithopod was named by Othniel C. Marsh.

Lapparentosaurus - This sauropod was discovered in Madagascar.

Laquintasaura - The first plant-eating dinosaur ever to be discovered in Venezuela.

Latirhinus - This duck-billed dinosaur had an enormous nose.

Leaellynasaura - One of the few dinosaurs to be named after a little girl.

Leinkupal - The latest surviving diplodocid sauropod.

Leonerasaurus - This prosauropod was recently discovered in Argentina.

Leptoceratops - One of the most primitive of all ceratopsians.

Leshansaurus - Did this meat-eater feast on small, armored dinosaurs?

Lesothosaurus - One of the earliest of all the ornithischian dinosaurs.

Lessemsaurus - Named after the popular science writer Don Lessem.

Lexovisaurus - One of the oldest European stegosaurs.

Leyesaurus - A newly discovered prosauropod from South America.

Liaoceratops - A tiny ceratopsian of early Cretaceous Asia.

Liaoningosaurus - One of the smallest ankylosaurs in the fossil record.

Liliensternus - One of the largest carnivores of the Triassic period.

Limaysaurus  It was once classified as a species of Rebbachisaurus.

Limusaurus - Was this toothless theropod a vegetarian?

Linhenykus - This tiny dinosaur had single-clawed hands.

Linheraptor - This Mongolian raptor was discovered in 2008.

Linhevenato -r This troodont was recently discovered in Mongolia.

Lophorhothon - The first dinosaur ever to be discovered in Alabama.

Lophostropheus - This theropod lived near the Triassic/Jurassic boundary.

Loricatosaurus - This stegosaur was once classified as a species of Lexovisaurus.

Lourinhanosaurus - Not to be confused with Lourinhasaurus, below.

Lourinhasaurus - Not to be confused with Lourinhanosaurus, above.

Luanchuanraptor - A small, poorly understood Asian raptor.

Lufengosaurus - A common sight at Chinese natural history museums.

Lurdusaurus - This ornithopod resembled a giant sloth.

Lusotitan - This sauropod was once classified as a species of Brachiosaurus.

Lycorhinus - This dinosaur was once thought to be a mammal-like reptile.

Lythronax - This tyrannosaur lived on the island of Laramidia.

M to P Dinosaurs
Be sure to learn about the Megalosaurus, the very first dinosaur to be discovered and one which many fossils since have been mistaken for. Also, you'll find the Muttaburrasaurus interesting because it's fossil is the most intact found to date.

Some of the other interesting dinosaurs in this list include the tiny Pravicursor, the four-winged Microraptor, and the Parasaurolophus which is thought to be the loudest of all dinosaurs. 

M
Machairasaurus - This "short scimitar lizard" was a close relative of Oviraptor.

Macrogryphosaurus - Otherwise known as the Big Enigmatic Lizard.

Magnapaulia - The largest lambeosaurine hadrosaur yet identified.

Magnirostris - This ceratopsian had an unusually big beak.

Magnosaurus - Once thought to be a species of Megalosaurus.

Magyarosaurus - This dwarf titanosaur was probably confined to a small island.

Mahakala - This dino-bird was named after a Buddhist deity.

Maiasaura - This "good mother lizard" kept close tabs on her young.

Majungasaurus - Fairly--or unfairly--known as the "cannibal dinosaur."

Malawisaurus - The first titanosaur to be found with an intact skull.

Mamenchisaurus - The longest-necked dinosaur that ever lived.

Manidens - A strangely toothed relative of Heterodontosaurus.

Mantellisaurus - Named after the famous fossil hunter Gideon Mantell.

Mantellodon - This Iguanodon refugee may or may not deserve its own genus.

Mapusaurus - This huge carnivore was closely related to Giganotosaurus.

Marshosaurus - Named after the famous paleontologist Othniel C. Marsh.

Martharaptor - This dinosaur was named after a Utah paleontologist.

Masiakasaurus - A bizarre, buck-toothed predator of the late Cretaceous.

Massospondylus - This small, lithe, bipedal plant-eater roamed the plains of South Africa.

Maxakalisaurus - One of the biggest titanosaurs ever found in Brazil.

Medusaceratops - This frilled dinosaur was a close relative of Centrosaurus.

Megalosaurus - The first dinosaur ever to be discovered and named.

Megapnosaurus - Its name is Greek for "big dead lizard."

Megaraptor - Despite its name, it wasn't really a raptor.

Mei - The current record-holder for "shortest dinosaur name."

Melanorosaurus - Probably the largest prosauropod that ever lived.

Mendozasaurus - This titanosaur was ancestral to Futalognkosaurus.

Mercuriceratops - This ceratopsian was discovered on the U.S./Canada border.

Metriacanthosaurus - Yet another dinosaur that was once mistaken for Megalosaurus.

Microceratops - Probably the smallest ceratopsian that ever lived.

Micropachycephalosaurus - The current record-holder for longest dinosaur name.

Microraptor - This tiny feathered dinosaur had four wings rather than two.

Microvenator - This "tiny hunter" actually measured 10 feet from head to tail.

Minmi - An early (and very dumb) ankylosaur from Australia.

Minotaurasaurus - Named after the half-man, half-bull of Greek myth.

Miragaia - This stegosaur had an unusually long neck.

Mirischia - Its name means "wonderful pelvis."

Mochlodon - One of the few dinosaurs ever to be discovered in Austria.

Mojoceratops - This ceratopsian had a heart-shaped frill.

Monkonosaurus - The first dinosaur ever to be discovered in modern-day Tibet.

Monoclonius - Might this have been a species of Centrosaurus?

Monolophosaurus - This Jurassic predator had a single crest on its skull.

Mononykus - This dinosaur may have dug into termite mounds for its lunch.

Montanoceratops - A primitive ceratopsian of the late Cretaceous period.

Mussaurus - This "mouse lizard" lived in Triassic South America.

Muttaburrasaurus - The most complete dinosaur fossil ever found in Australia.

Mymoorapelta - Named after the Mygand-Moore quarry in Colorado.

N
Nankangia - A recently discovered oviraptor from China.

Nanosaurus - This "tiny lizard" was named by Othniel C. Marsh.

Nanotyrannus - Could this have been a juvenile T. Rex?

Nanshiungosaurus - A bizarre therizinosaur from Asia.

Nanuqsaurus - This "polar lizard" was recently discovered in Alaska.

Nanyangosaurus - An iguanodontid ornithopod of middle Cretaceous Asia.

Nasutoceratops - This dinosaur had horns like a modern steer.

Nebulasaurus - This "nebula lizard" was recently discovered in China.

Nedcolbertia - Named after the famous paleontologist Edwin Colbert.

Neimongosaurus - A rare therizinosaur from inner Mongolia.

Nemegtomaia - This dinosaur had a bizarrely shaped skull.

Nemegtosaurus - This titanosaur has been recreated from a single, incomplete skull.

Neovenator - One of the largest carnivorous dinosaurs of western Europe.

Neuquenraptor - It may actually be a species (or specimen) of Unenlagia.

Neuquensaurus - Was this titanosaur really a species of Saltasaurus?

Nigersaurus - This African sauropod had a huge number of teeth.

Nipponosaurus - This hadrosaur was discovered on the island of Sakhalin.

Noasaurus - Were this predator's giant claws on its hands, or on its feet?

Nodocephalosaurus - This armored dinosaur has been reconstructed from a single skull.

Nodosaurus - One of the first armored dinosaurs ever discovered in North America.

Nomingia - This small dinosaur had a peacock-like tail.

Nothronychus - The first therizonosaur to be found outside Asia.

Notohypsilophodon - A rare South American ornithopod.

Nqwebasaurus - One of the few theropods to be discovered in sub-Saharan Africa.

Nuthetes - This raptor was named after the modern monitor lizard.

Nyasasaurus - Could this be the earliest dinosaur in the fossil record?

O
Ojoceratops - A very close relative of Triceratops.

Olorotitan - One of the most complete dinosaur fossils ever found in Russia.

Omeisaurus - One of the most common Chinese sauropods.

Oohkotokia - Its name is Blackfoot for "large stone."

Opisthocoelicaudia - A clumsily named titanosaur of the late Cretaceous period.

Orkoraptor - The southernmost theropod ever to live in South America.

Ornithodesmus - This mysterious raptor was once thought to be a pterosaur.

Ornitholestes - This "bird robber" probably preyed on small lizards instead.

Ornithomimus - This "bird mimic" resembled a modern ostrich.

Ornithopsis - This "bird face" was actually a genus of titanosaur.

Orodromeus - This tiny herbivore was on Troodon's dinner menu.

Orthomerus - One of the few dinosaurs to be discovered in Holland.

Oryctodromeus - The only ornithopod known to have lived in burrows.

Ostafrikasaurus - Could this have been the earliest known spinosaur?

Othnielia - Named after the famous paleontologist Othniel C. Marsh.

Othnielosaurus - Also named after the famous paleontologist Othniel C. Marsh.

Ouranosaurus - Scientists can't decide if this herbivore had a sail or a hump.

Overosaurus - This dwarf titanosaur was announced to the world in 2013.

Oviraptor - Turns out that this "egg thief" got a bad rap.

Oxalaia - This spinosaur was recently discovered in Brazil.

Ozraptor - Not much is known about this Australian theropod.

P
Pachycephalosaurus - This plant-eater gave new meaning to the word "blockhead."

Pachyrhinosaurus - This "thick-nosed lizard" roamed the North American forests.

Palaeoscincus - This "ancient skink" was actually an armored dinosaur.

Paluxysaurus - The official Texas state dinosaur.

Pampadromaeus - This "Pampas runner" was ancestral to sauropods.

Pamparaptor - This raptor was discovered in the Argentinian Pampas.

Panamericansaurus - This titanosaur was named after an energy company.

Panoplosaurus - A squat, stocky nodosaur of the late Cretaceous.

Panphagia - Its name is Greek for "eats everything."

Pantydraco - No, this dinosaur didn't wear you-know-what.

Paralititan - This huge sauropod was discovered recently in Egypt.

Paranthodon - This stegosaur was discovered over 150 years ago.

Pararhabdodon - The western European equivalent of Tsintaosaurus.

Parasaurolophus - Possibly the loudest dinosaur ever to roam the earth.

Parksosaurus - It was once classified as a species of Thescelosaurus.

Paronychodon - This "tooth taxon" didn't make it out of the 19th century.

Parvicursor - One of the smallest dinosaurs yet identified.

Patagosaurus - This "Patagonian lizard" hailed from South America.

Pawpawsaurus - This ancient nodosaur was discovered in Texas.

Pedopenna - One of the earliest known dino-birds.

Pegomastax - This dinosaur was covered with porcupine-like bristles.

Pelecanimimus - This "pelican mimic" sported over 200 teeth.

Peloroplites - This "monstrous Hoplite" was recently discovered in Utah.

Pelorosaurus - The first sauropod ever to be discovered.

Pentaceratops - This "five-horned" herbivore really had only three.

Philovenator - As its name says this dinosaur "loved to hunt."

Phuwiangosaurus - This titanosaur was discovered in modern-day Thailand.

Piatnitzkysaurus - Its teeth were as sharp as its name is funny.

Pinacosaurus - Did this ankylosaur roam central Asia in herds?

Pisanosaurus - One of the earliest known ornithischian dinosaurs.

Piveteausaurus - No one is quite sure what to make of this theropod dinosaur.

Planicoxa - A medium-sized iguanodont of early Cretaceous North America.

Plateosaurus - This herd dinosaur blackened the plains of the late Triassic.

Pleurocoelus - It was the official state dinosaur of Texas.

Pneumatoraptor - This "air thief" was recently discovered in Hungary.

Podokesaurus - One of the earliest dinosaurs to live in eastern North America.

Poekilopleuron - It may (or may not) have been a species of Megalosaurus.

Polacanthus - An extremely spiky ankylosaur of the middle Cretaceous.

Prenocephale - This "bonehead" had a round, thick skull.

Prenoceratops - A close relative of Leptoceratops.

Proa - This ornithopod was named after its prow-shaped jaw.

Probactrosaurus - An early stage in hadrosaur evolution.

Proceratosaurus - Despite its name, not a close relative of Ceratosaurus.

Procompsognathus - Was it an archosaur or an early dinosaur?

Propanoplosaurus - This baby ankylosaur was recently discovered in Maryland.

Prosaurolophus - The likely ancestor of both Saurolophus and Parasaurolophus.

Protarchaeopteryx - "Before Archaeopteryx?" It actually lived millions of years later.

Protoceratops - A famous dinosaur with a very funky frill.

Protohadros - Despite its name, it wasn't really the "first hadrosaur."

Psittacosaurus - This dinosaur's noggin wouldn't have looked out of place on a parrot.

Puertasaurus - This titanosaur rivaled Argentinosaurus in size.

Pyroraptor - This "fire thief" prowled the plains of prehistoric France.

Q to T Dinosaurs
One of the longer sections of our dinosaur collection, you'll discover a number of interesting finds here. Look for the Scipionyx, which is one of the best-preserved fossils discovered to date. Also, you'll find recognizable names like the Spinosaurus, Stegosaurus, Triceratops, and the king of them all, the T. Rex. Don't let those big names distract you from peculiar dinosaurs like the Segnosaurus, Sciurumimus, and Sinocalliopteryx.

Q
Qantassaurus - Named after the national airline of Australia.

Qianzhousaurus - This long-snouted tyrannosaur has been nicknamed Pinocchio Rex.

Qiaowanlong - An Asian relative of Brachiosaurus.

Qiupalong - This "bird mimic" dinosaur was recently discovered in China.

Quaesitosaurus - This titanosaur may have had remarkably sharp hearing.

Quilmesaurus - This dinosaur was named after an indigenous South American tribe.

R
Rahiolisaurus - This Indian dinosaur is represented by seven tangled individuals.

Rahonavis - Was it a raptor-like bird or a bird-like raptor?

Rajasaurus - This "prince lizard" lived in what is now modern-day India.

Rapator - No, this mysterious Australian theropod wasn't a raptor.

Rapetosaurus - The only sauropod ever to be discovered on modern-day Madagascar.

Raptorex - A pint-sized precursor of T. Rex.

Rebbachisaurus - A poorly understood sauropod from northern Africa.

Regaliceratops - This ceratopsian had a huge, crown-shaped frill.

Regnosaurus - This stegosaur lived in what is now modern-day England.

Rhabdodon - A possible "missing link" between Iguanodon and Hypsilophodon.

Rhinorex - This duck-billed dinosaur had an unusually large nose.

Rhoetosaurus - A medium-sized sauropod from Down Under.

Richardoestesia - Named after the paleontologist Richard Estes.

Rinchenia - Named after the famous paleontologist Rinchen Barsbold.

Rinconsaurus - A modestly sized titanosaur of South America.

Riojasaurus - One of the few prosauropods known to have lived in South America.

Rubeosaurus - A ceratopsian dinosaur from the Two Medicine Formation.

Rugops - This wrinkly-faced carnivore probably fed on abandoned carcasses.

S
Sahaliyania - This hadrosaur's name is Manchurian for "black."

Saichania - This ankylosaur's name is Chinese for "beautiful."

Saltasaurus - The first armored sauropod ever to be discovered.

Saltopus - Experts aren't sure if this was a dinosaur or an archosaur.

Sanjuansaurus - An early theropod from South America.

Santanaraptor - Named after Brazil's Santana formation.

Sarahsaurus - This prosauropod had unusually strong hands.

Sarcolestes - The most likely ancestor of the ankylosaurs.

Sarcosaurus - This "flesh lizard" roamed early Jurassic England.

Saturnalia - The earliest dinosaur known to have had a herbivorous diet.

Saurolophus - One of the few hadrosaurs known to have lived on two continents.

Sauroniops - This dinosaur's name means "Eye of Sauron."

Sauropelta - This ankylosaur's armor helped keep raptors at bay.

Saurophaganax - The official state dinosaur of Oklahoma.

Sauroposeidon - One of the tallest dinosaurs ever to walk the earth.

Saurornithoides - A Troodon-like predator from central Asia.

Saurornitholestes - A close cousin of Velociraptor.

Savannasaurus - This titanosaur was recently discovered in Australia.

Scansoriopteryx - This early proto-bird probably lived in trees.

Scelidosaurus - Among the earliest of all the armored dinosaurs.

Scipionyx - One of the most perfectly preserved dinosaur fossils ever found.

Sciurumimus - This "squirrel mimic" was one of the earliest feathered dinosaurs.

Scolosaurus - It was once classified as a species of Euoplocephalus.

Scutellosaurus - Probably the smallest of all the armored dinosaurs.

Secernosaurus - The first hadrosaur to be discovered in South America.

Seitaad - This small dinosaur may have been buried in an avalanche.

Segisaurus - An early dinosaur closely related to Coelophysis.

Segnosaurus - One of the most unusual (and poorly understood) Cretaceous dinosaurs.

Seismosaurus - It was huge, to be sure, but might it have been a species of Diplodocus?

Sellosaurus - Another early prosauropod of the Triassic period.

Serendipaceratops - Was this really an Australian ceratopsian?

Shamosaurus - This Mongolian ankylosaur was a close relative of Gobisaurus.

Shanag - A basal raptor of early Cretaceous Asia.

Shantungosaurus - The biggest of all the duck-billed dinosaurs.

Shaochilong - Its name is Chinese for "shark-toothed dragon."

Shenzhousaurus - A small, primitive ornithomimid from China.

Shunosaurus - Anatomically speaking, probably the best known of all the sauropods.

Shuvosaurus - Was this meat eater an early dinosaur or a two-legged crocodile?

Shuvuuia - Scientists can't decide if it was a dinosaur or a bird.

Siamodon - This ornithopod was recently discovered in Thailand.

Siamosaurus - This may (or may not) have been a spinosaur from Thailand.

Siamotyrannus - Despite its name, it wasn't a true tyrannosaur.

Siats - One of the largest theropods ever to live in North America.

Sigilmassasaurus - Was this really a species of Carcharodontosaurus?

Silvisaurus - This primitive nodosaur was discovered in Kansas.

Similicaudipteryx - The juveniles may have been differently feathered than the adults.

Sinocalliopteryx - The biggest "dino-bird" yet discovered.

Sinoceratops - A rare ceratopsian from late Cretaceous China.

Sinornithoides - A small, feathered dinosaur closely related to Troodon.

Sinornithomimus - This ornithomimid is known from over a dozen skeletons.

Sinornithosaurus - A typical dino-bird of the early Cretaceous.

Sinosauropteryx - The first dinosaur proven to have feathers.

Sinosaurus - It was once classified as an Asian species of Dilophosaurus.

Sinotyrannus - This "Chinese tyrant" was an ancient ancestor of tyrannosaurs.

Sinovenator - This "Chinese hunter" preyed on its fellow dino-birds.

Sinraptor - Despite its name, this allosaur wasn't any better or worse than other dinosaurs.

Sinusonasus - It sounds like a disease, but it was actually a feathered dinosaur.

Skorpiovenator - This "scorpion hunter" really ate meat.

Sonorasaurus - The remains of this sauropod were discovered in Arizona.

Sphaerotholus - Yet another dome-headed dino from North America.

Spinophorosaurus - This early sauropod had a "thagomizer" on its tail.

Spinops - This ceratopsian was named 100 years after its bones were found.

Spinosaurus - This dinosaur was distinguished by the sail-like structure on its back.

Spinostropheus - This theropod was once thought to be a species of Elaphrosaurus.

Staurikosaurus - Another primitive theropod of the Triassic period.

Stegoceras - This small herbivore was built for high-speed head-butting.

Stegosaurus - The small-brained, spike-tailed, plant-eating dinosaur.

Stenopelix - Experts aren't sure how to classify this dinosaur.

Stokesosaurus - Some experts think this was the earliest tyrannosaur.

Struthiomimus - This "ostrich mimic" roamed the plains of North America.

Struthiosaurus - The smallest nodosaur yet discovered.

Stygimoloch - Its name means "demon from the river of death." Got your attention yet?

Styracosaurus - Winner of the "most elaborate head display" competition.

Suchomimus - A fish-eating dinosaur with a distinct crocodilian profile.

Sulaimanisaurus - One of the few dinosaurs ever to be discovered in Pakistan.

Supersaurus - No, it didn't wear a cape, but this giant dino was still impressive.

Suuwassea - Its name is Native American for "ancient thunder."

Suzhousaurus - A large, early Cretaceous therizinosaur.

Szechuanosaurus - This theropod was a close relative of Sinraptor.

T
Tachiraptor - The first meat-eating dinosaur ever to be discovered in Venezuela.

Talarurus - This ankylosaur was discovered in the Gobi Desert.

Talenkauen A rare ornithopod from South America.

Talos - This dinosaur was found with an injured big toe.

Tangvayosaurus - This Laotian titanosaur was closely related to Phuwiangosaurus.

Tanius - Not much is known about this Chinese hadrosaur.

Tanycolagreus - This mysterious theropod was once thought to be a species of Coelurus.

Taohelong - The first "polacanthine" ankylosaur ever to be discovered in Asia.

Tapuiasaurus - A recently discovered titanosaur from South America.

Tarascosaurus - The only known abelisaur of the northern hemisphere.

Tarbosaurus - The second-biggest tyrannosaur after T. Rex.

Tarchia - Its name means "brainy," but that may be an exaggeration.

Tastavinsaurus - This titanosaur was discovered in Spain.

Tatankacephalus - A brand-new ankylosaur from North America.

Tatankaceratops - Was this really a juvenile specimen of Triceratops?

Tataouinea - No, this dinosaur wasn't named after Tatooine in Star Wars.

Tawa - This ancient theropod points to a South American origin for dinosaurs.

Tazoudasaurus - This Vulcanodon relative was one of the earliest sauropods.

Technosaurus - This early herbivore was named after Texas Tech university.

Tehuelchesaurus - This sauropod was named after an indigenous South American people.

Telmatosaurus - This duck-billed dinosaur was discovered in Transylvania.

Tendaguria - This Tanzanian sauropod has proven difficult to classify.

Tenontosaurus - This long-tailed herbivore was hunted by Deinonychus.

Teratophoneus - This "monstrous murderer" wasn't all that big.

Tethyshadros - One of the few dinosaurs to be found in modern-day Italy.

Texacephale - This Texan pachycephalosaur was named in 2010.

Thecocoelurus - Is this the earliest ornithomimid in the fossil record?

Thecodontosaurus - The first prosauropod ever to be discovered.

Theiophytalia - Its name means "garden of the gods."

Therizinosaurus - What did Little Orphan Annie say to this dinosaur? "Reaping lizards!"

Thescelosaurus - Did paleontologists find this dinosaur's mummified heart?

Tianchisaurus - This dinosaur's species name honors "Jurassic Park."

Tianyulong  -Why did this ornithopod have feathers?

Tianyuraptor - A small, long-legged raptor from eastern Asia.

Tianzhenosaurus - This ankylosaur's skull has been spectacularly preserved.

Timimus - The only ornithomimid ever discovered in Australia.

Titanoceratops - The biggest of all the horned, frilled dinosaurs.

Titanosaurus - This sauropod may—or may not—have been a unique member of its genus.

Tochisaurus - A large troodont of late Cretaceous Asia.

Tornieria - This sauropod has a complicated taxonomic history.

Torosaurus - Was it really an elderly specimen of Triceratops?

Torvosaurus - One of the largest predators of Jurassic North America.

Triceratops - The famous, three-horned, plant-eating dinosaur.

Trinisaura - The first ornithopod ever to be discovered in Antarctica.

Troodon - Possibly the smartest dinosaur that ever lived.

Tsaagan - One of the earliest raptors yet discovered.

Tsintaosaurus - Also known as the "Unicorn Dinosaur."

Tuojiangosaurus - One of the most well-known Chinese stegosaurs.

Turanoceratops - What was this ceratopsian doing in late Cretaceous Asia?

Turiasaurus - The largest dinosaur ever to be discovered in Europe.

Tylocephale - The tallest-domed of all the pachycephalosaurs.

Tyrannosaurus Rex - The once—and always—king of the dinosaurs.

Tyrannotitan - We know very little about this fearsomely named dinosaur.

U to Z Dinosaurs
Just because they're at the end of the alphabet does not mean these dinosaurs are any less interesting. Here you'll find dinosaurs that are big and small, had huge heads, feathers, duck bills, and even a "poodle from hell." You made it this far and you'll be rewarded with some great dinosaurs.

U
Uberabatitan - Discovered in the Uberaba region of Brazil.

Udanoceratops - The largest ceratopsian to run on two legs.

Unaysaurus - One of the oldest prosauropods yet discovered.

Unenlagia - This bird-like raptor was native to South America.

Unescoceratops - Named after the United Nation's UNESCO.

Urbacodon - This Troodon-like predator was discovered in Uzbekistan.

Utahceratops - Guess what state this dinosaur was discovered in.

Utahraptor - Probably the biggest raptor that ever lived.

Uteodon - It was once classified as a species of Camptosaurus.

V
Vagaceratops - This big-frilled dinosaur was closely related to Kosmoceratops.

Vahiny - Its name is Malagasy for "traveler."

Valdoraptor - This early "bird mimic" dinosaur lived in England.

Valdosaurus - This ornithopod was discovered on the Isle of Wight.

Variraptor - The first raptor ever to be discovered in France.

Velafrons - A new addition to the duck-billed dinosaur family.

Velociraptor - This dinosaur was vicious but a lot smaller than you thought.

Velocisaurus - A small, speedy theropod of late Cretaceous South America.

Venenosaurus - This "poison lizard" was really a gentle plant-eater.

Veterupristisaurus - One of the earliest carcharodontosaurs yet identified.

Vulcanodon - An early sauropod of the Jurassic period.

W
Wannanosaurus - Probably the smallest of all the bone-headed dinosaurs.

Wellnhoferia - Was it really a species of Archaeopteryx?

Wendiceratops - This dinosaur honors Canadian fossil hunter Wendy Sloboda.

Willinakaqe - A rare duck-billed dinosaur from South America.

Wintonotitan - Another new titanosaur from Australia.

Wuerhosaurus - Could this have been the last of the stegosaurs?

Wulagasaurus - The earliest saurolophine hadrosaur in the fossil record.

X
Xenoceratops - This "alien horned face" was announced in 2012.

Xenoposeidon - Experts aren't sure how to classify this sauropod.

Xenotarsosaurus - A poorly understood abelisaur from South America.

Xiaosaurus - A small ornithopod from late Jurassic Asia.

Xiaotingia - This feathered dinosaur predated Archaeopteryx.

Xinjiangtitan - This huge sauropod was a close relative of Mamenchisaurus.

Xiongguanlong - A small, primitive tyrannosaur from Asia.

Xixianykus - A long-legged dino-bird from eastern Asia.

Xuanhanosaurus - You didn't think there'd be so many "X"'s on this list, did you?

Xuanhuaceratops - An early ceratopsian of the late Jurassic.

Xuwulong - This iguanodontid ornithopod was recently discovered in China.

Y
Yamaceratops - No, it didn't have a sweet potato for a head.

Yandusaurus - A small ornithopod of middle Jurassic China.

Yangchuanosaurus - A large theropod of late Jurassic Asia.

Yaverlandia - A classic case of mistaken dinosaur identity.

Yi Qi - This strange Jurassic dinosaur had bat-like wings.

Yimenosaurus - One of the better-known Chinese prosauropods.

Yinlong - This "hidden dragon" was an early ceratopsian.

Yixianosaurus - How did this dino-bird use its long fingers?

Yizhousaurus - The earliest intact sauropod yet discovered.

Yongjinglong - This titanosaur was recently discovered in China.

Yueosaurus - This basal ornithopod was discovered by construction workers.

Yulong - The smallest oviraptor yet identified.

Yunnanosaurus - One of the last prosauropods to walk the earth.

Yutyrannus - The largest feathered tyrannosaur yet identified.

Z
Zalmoxes - A strange-looking ornithopod from Romania.

Zanabazar - Named after a Buddhist spiritual leader.

Zapalasaurus - This "diplodocoid" sauropod lived in early Cretaceous South America.

Zby - This dinosaur's name was inversely proportional to its size.

Zephyrosaurus - Otherwise known as the Western Wind Lizard.

Zhanghenglong - A transitional hadrosaur of late Cretaceous Asia.

Zhejiangosaurus - The first identified nodosaur from Asia.

Zhenyuanlong - Also known as the "fluffy feathered poodle from hell."

Zhongyuansaurus - The only known ankylosaur to lack a tail club.

Zhuchengceratops - It probably figured on the lunch menu of Zhuchengtyrannus.

Zhuchengosaurus - This hadrosaur was even bigger than Shantungosaurus.

Zhuchengtyrannus - This Asian tyrannosaur was the size of T. Rex.

Zuniceratops - This horned dinosaur was discovered by an eight-year-old boy.

Zuolong - It was named after General Tso, of Chinese restaurant fame.

Zupaysaurus - This "devil lizard" was one of the earliest theropods.